‘SINEEE

eorwsr WINS TENNI
pursues STnNLEY

"Biff" Goewey; State College; '

WET ’ imam

 

 

COPY lOiln

s TOURNAMENT-
IN.STanGhT SETS

27; defeated Rabph Stanley; State

College; '29; Tuesday in the finals of the men's tennis tournament in
two straight sets by the scores of 6 - 2 and 6 - 1. He did this after

defeating George Taylor; State 001;

 

SESSION WILL END
SATURDAY AT NOON

The summer session of the State
College for Teachers.will end Sat-
urday at noon;when the last exam;
ination will be over. More than
800 teachers; principals;supcrinp
tendents; and undergraduates; who
have been together for six week ;
Will disbind then to go to their
respective honos. The college halls
will be deserted for four weeks; uné
til Septenhor 16; when the first of
the regular session students enroll.

STARKEY SPEAKS
MUSIC AND ENGLISH

MR.
ON

t . Morris Starkey; supervis4
or of music in the Cohoes High
School; spoke Wednesday before an
audience of majors and minors in
English in Milne Hall on the corr~
elation of music with the teaching
of English. The class in methods of
teaching English literature was
excused to listen to his lecture.

logo; '29; on Monday in the semi;
finals by scores of 6 - 5 and 6-0;
again in straight sets. His only
match to go into the full three sets
was with Trumbull. He lost the fimst
set; 10 - 8; but won the next two
easily: 6 4 l; 6 - 1. He won his
first game with Page by scores of

6 - O; 9 - 7.

Stanley reached the finals by de-
feating‘Sehoor 6 - l; 6 - 1; and
then winning from Sullivan; who had
defeated Layman and Green; after
drawing a bye in the sedond round.
He won from Sullivan by 6 - 4; 8 -
“with Thomas; winning from him by

6 - 4; 8 - 6. On Monday; Taylor lost
to Goewey; and on Tuesday; Goewey
clinched the hummer session champ-
ionship by defeating Stanley.

There were fourteen entrants in
the tournament; who played a total
of thirteen hatches before the tour;
nancnt was completed. The entrants
were: Taylor; Allen; Thomas; Scholmz;
Gillette; Goewey; Trumbull; Page;
Schoer‘ “tanloy; Layman; Sullivan;

,0)

' Saturday; Taylor played his match

 

)T'JC‘

LE“ .1:  - “J
TO OBTnIN lLJﬂJS

Students who wish to have the
cirks they receive in sunner sees;
ion work mailed to them after the
close of the session are requested

Green; and Maslans. They played 7
matches in the first round and 5 in
the second besides the semi-finals
and finals.

There was to have been a tourna;
nent for girls also; but they Just
couldn't seen to get together. The
four entrants have not played their

 

to leave a stamped; self—addressed‘
envelope in the registrar's office.

first round yet.

